io/invertase/firebase/common/ReactNativeFirebaseModule.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.ReactNativeFirebaseModule
io/invertase/firebase/common/UniversalFirebasePreferences.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.UniversalFirebasePreferences
io/invertase/firebase/app/ReactNativeFirebaseApp.java
 io.invertase.firebase.app.ReactNativeFirebaseApp
io/invertase/firebase/app/ReactNativeFirebaseAppModule.java
 io.invertase.firebase.app.ReactNativeFirebaseAppModule
io/invertase/firebase/app/ReactNativeFirebaseVersion.java
 io.invertase.firebase.app.ReactNativeFirebaseVersion
io/invertase/firebase/common/SharedUtils.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.SharedUtils
io/invertase/firebase/BuildConfig.java
 io.invertase.firebase.BuildConfig
io/invertase/firebase/common/UniversalFirebaseModule.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.UniversalFirebaseModule
io/invertase/firebase/app/ReactNativeFirebaseAppInitProvider.java
 io.invertase.firebase.app.ReactNativeFirebaseAppInitProvider
io/invertase/firebase/app/ReactNativeFirebaseAppPackage.java
 io.invertase.firebase.app.ReactNativeFirebaseAppPackage
io/invertase/firebase/common/ReactNativeFirebaseEvent.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.ReactNativeFirebaseEvent
io/invertase/firebase/app/ReactNativeFirebaseAppRegistrar.java
 io.invertase.firebase.app.ReactNativeFirebaseAppRegistrar
io/invertase/firebase/interfaces/NativeEvent.java
 io.invertase.firebase.interfaces.NativeEvent
io/invertase/firebase/common/ReactNativeFirebaseMeta.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.ReactNativeFirebaseMeta
io/invertase/firebase/common/TaskExecutorService.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.TaskExecutorService
io/invertase/firebase/interfaces/ContextProvider.java
 io.invertase.firebase.interfaces.ContextProvider
io/invertase/firebase/utils/ReactNativeFirebaseUtilsModule.java
 io.invertase.firebase.utils.ReactNativeFirebaseUtilsModule
io/invertase/firebase/common/RCTConvertFirebase.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.RCTConvertFirebase
io/invertase/firebase/common/ReactNativeFirebaseJSON.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.ReactNativeFirebaseJSON
io/invertase/firebase/common/ReactNativeFirebaseEventEmitter.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.ReactNativeFirebaseEventEmitter
io/invertase/firebase/interfaces/NativeError.java
 io.invertase.firebase.interfaces.NativeError
io/invertase/firebase/common/ReactNativeFirebasePreferences.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.ReactNativeFirebasePreferences
io/invertase/firebase/common/ReactNativeFirebaseInitProvider.java
 io.invertase.firebase.common.ReactNativeFirebaseInitProvider
